README.md, before:

# AccommodationDirectory
![Linters](https://github.com/descholar-ceo/accommodations-directory/workflows/Linters/badge.svg?branch=create-accommodations-directory)

## Description
This project was done for learning purpose, the aim was to create a customized content but same design of [Patashule](https://www.behance.net/gallery/25563385/PatashuleKE) by [Mathew Njuguna](https://www.behance.net/mathewnjuguna) in order to master the HTML5 and CSS3 / SASS for UI/UX, and responsiveness. This project is a capstone from [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/)

### Screenshots from browser

| View on large screen | View on medium screen | View on small screen |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ![](/assets/img/accommodation-lg.png) | ![](/assets/img/accommodation-md.png) | ![](/assets/img/accommodation-sm.png) |

## Built with 
1. HTML5 
1. SASS

## Live Demo
1. [See it on netlify](https://bit.ly/accommodations-directory)
1. [See it on githack](https://bit.ly/accommodations-directory-githack)

## Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running follow the following simple steps.

### A. Prequisite 
There is no special prequisite to run this project locally

### B. Setup
1. Clone this repository with `git clone https://github.com/descholar-ceo/accommodations-directory.git`

1. Go inside this repo locally by typing `cd accommodations-directory`

### C. Usage
Open index.html file within your browser

## Run Tests
There is no need to run tests

## Deployment
This project is deployed on netlify pages [live demo link](https://bit.ly/accommodations-directory)

## Authors
### 1. MUGIRASE Emmanuel
* Github: [@descholar-ceo](https://github.com/descholar-ceo)
* Twitter: [@descholar3](https://twitter.com/descholar3)
* LinkedIn: [MUGIRASE Emmanuel](linkedin.com/in/mugirase-emmanuel-a90b49143)

## Contributing
There two ways of contributing to this project:

1. If you see something wrong or not working, please open the issue in issue section
1. If you see something to improve or to correct, and you have a solution to that, follow the below steps to contribute:
    1. Fork this repository
    1. Clone it on your local computer by running `git clone https://github.com/your-username/accommodations-directory.git` __Replace *your username* with the username you use on github__
    1. Open the cloned repository which appears as a folder on your local computer with your favorite code editor
    1. Create a separate branch off the *master barnch*,
    1. Write your codes which fix the issue you found
    1. Commit and push the branch you created
    1. Open a pull request, comparing your new created branch with our original master branch [here](https://github.com/descholar-ceo/accommodations-directory/)

## Show your support 
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgment
* [Microverse](https://microvese.org)

* [Mathew Njuguna](https://www.behance.net/mathewnjuguna) for the design idea

Commit message:

Add presentation link on readme file

README.md, after:

# AccommodationDirectory
![Linters](https://github.com/descholar-ceo/accommodations-directory/workflows/Linters/badge.svg?branch=create-accommodations-directory)

## Description
This project was done for learning purpose, the aim was to create a customized content but same design of [Patashule](https://www.behance.net/gallery/25563385/PatashuleKE) by [Mathew Njuguna](https://www.behance.net/mathewnjuguna) in order to master the HTML5 and CSS3 / SASS for UI/UX, and responsiveness. This project is a capstone from [Microverse](https://www.microverse.org/)

### Screenshots from browser

| View on large screen | View on medium screen | View on small screen |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ![](/assets/img/accommodation-lg.png) | ![](/assets/img/accommodation-md.png) | ![](/assets/img/accommodation-sm.png) |

## Built with 
1. HTML5 
1. SASS

## Live Demo
1. [See it on netlify](https://bit.ly/accommodations-directory)
1. [See it on githack](https://bit.ly/accommodations-directory-githack)

## Project presentation in a video
1. [See the presentation on loom](https://www.loom.com/share/7e76cfb6f6dc446485b66c12629bba1f)

## Getting Started
To get a local copy up and running follow the following simple steps.

### A. Prequisite 
There is no special prequisite to run this project locally

### B. Setup
1. Clone this repository with `git clone https://github.com/descholar-ceo/accommodations-directory.git`

1. Go inside this repo locally by typing `cd accommodations-directory`

### C. Usage
Open index.html file within your browser

## Run Tests
There is no need to run tests

## Deployment
This project is deployed on netlify pages [live demo link](https://bit.ly/accommodations-directory)

## Authors
### 1. MUGIRASE Emmanuel
* Github: [@descholar-ceo](https://github.com/descholar-ceo)
* Twitter: [@descholar3](https://twitter.com/descholar3)
* LinkedIn: [MUGIRASE Emmanuel](linkedin.com/in/mugirase-emmanuel-a90b49143)

## Contributing
There two ways of contributing to this project:

1. If you see something wrong or not working, please open the issue in issue section
1. If you see something to improve or to correct, and you have a solution to that, follow the below steps to contribute:
    1. Fork this repository
    1. Clone it on your local computer by running `git clone https://github.com/your-username/accommodations-directory.git` __Replace *your username* with the username you use on github__
    1. Open the cloned repository which appears as a folder on your local computer with your favorite code editor
    1. Create a separate branch off the *master barnch*,
    1. Write your codes which fix the issue you found
    1. Commit and push the branch you created
    1. Open a pull request, comparing your new created branch with our original master branch [here](https://github.com/descholar-ceo/accommodations-directory/)

## Show your support 
Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgment
* [Microverse](https://microvese.org)

* [Mathew Njuguna](https://www.behance.net/mathewnjuguna) for the design idea
